alright welcome back to my let's play
Peter Jackson's King Kong last up so we
took out some of the natives played his
kong now he remember if ya think we're
still playing this fun I think I'm wrong
alright this all not this level I
haven't played this love in a while and
I used to die in this level when I did
play this level I said I when it wasn't
playing this game a lot I didn't play us
in a while so this should be interesting
and how many times I died
basically this move as fast you can't
quit blinking your students nothing you
can do yet
alright we got his attention
oh now this fun part I don't have
anything to shoot at all i have Spears
come on just go over there and open the
gate so I can get out god I can go to
help you real quick but when I need your
help with just one little thing opening
gate I just try to run around this
that's all I can crack that when he does
that you're screwed I didn't get to try
to run around this thing
spear and that I'm dead I'm dead of that
event
through there come on Neil dad its way
coming I'm doomed
yep I had no Chancellor after he knocked
that down once he knocks all those down
you're dead not you can do he's coming
towards me you idiot and good older open
a journey yeah I know it's the screen is
getting all messed up you now fixed that
in the next video I think I figured out
what to do oh shoot I got to pay
attention come this way
let him get as close to her as possible
just to kill a couple seconds prior
yeah I can see him hit the darn gate
open again let him get this close to her
as possible or not
hello and if you love me open that game
the door is open he's right from the
door
run run run run run run run phone's
vibrating and won't shut up
I'm faster out the spirit I'm coming I
can't get us now sucker this way darn
right it's me how are you doing Jimmy hi
you must era why should hopefully back
out there on taking place so we'll go at
home for real this will be the end of
the levels like this video now my other
ones litleo subscribe box thanks for
watching crusher